# Texas Instruments AWR 6843 AOP
 
Radar python file has all the functions for operating the radar and capture python file uses them to execute data acquisition task and plot results.



## Range Plots:

Range plots are extracted using the pre-processed data from radar file.  FFT data is acquired from data cube and instantly plotted to get range information.

The horizontal axis shows the distance from the radar. While the vertical axis shows the amplitude of peaks, detected due to presence of an object. 



## Range Doppler Plots:

The original single FFT data is further processed via FFT in the second dimension and FFT shift along with taking absolute of the complex values. 

The horizontal axis shows the range of object from the radar. The vertical axis displays the velocity of the object. Centre being zero velocity, positive and negative velocities with respect to radar is observed from deviation from this centre. 

 
 
## Range Azimuth Plot:

An image is constructed using the original FFT data of res 256x256. This is further fed into an FFT process, then it is normalised and plotted. 

For visualization purpose, assume that at the top centre point, the radar is present for and it is looking downwards. The horizontal scale displays the deviation of object from perpendicular line of sight of radar. The vertical axis displays the distance of object from the radar. 
 

# Steps to Use and Run Code:

1. Connect radar
2. Make sure data and config ports are same as of device manager. (Change them in radar.py line 12.
3. Use profile that you need. Profile is a config file generated by demovisualizer from texas instruments. 
4. Run Capture file and visualise real time data. 
